In this video I'm going to cover Java IO.
Java IO is API that come with Java to read and write data.
Most of the application today support IO.
For instance, system allows user to upload a data feed,
system ask user to upload a photo,
system generate a PDF of the user complete the form.
So there are three parts of IO here.
So I'm starting with introducing what IO is.
Then I am going to introduce what is Stream.
After that I'm going through the list of APIs from file to
let you understand how to operate and how to manipulate the file using Java IO.
Java file class in Java IO API give you the access to the underlying file system.
Using the file class,
you can check if the file or directory exists.
The file class in Java IO API gives you the access to the underlying file system.
You can use it to check
if a file or directory exists or create a directory if that does not exist.
To read the length of the file,
rename or move the file, delete a file,
check if a path is a file or directory,
read a list of file in a directory.